"Finally, we can now launch the opportunity to clearly see all registered antiquities that are affected by a felling report. Comments are gratefully received. Hypercapitalism is killing us. The world's 10 richest men have * doubled * their wealth during this pandemic - while 99% of people have seen incomes fall. A one-off 99% tax on these 10 men's pandemic windfalls could fund vaccines for the world says Springnota för kärnkraften? ” The government will now decide on the final repository for spent nuclear fuel. A review in 2013 found major shortcomings in the financing of the forthcoming decommissioning of nuclear power. Has the situation improved? 
On the 28th of January at 10:15 CET Johann Chapoutot from the Sorbonne Université will hold the online public lecture "Nazism: Utopia of Life, Dystopia of Death". 
For pre-registration please mail to event@hist.uu.se.
We look forward to seeing you there!
Job opportunity! Three PhD positions based in Abisko and Umeå with a focus on winter seasonality of arctic terrestrial ecosystems. Deadline for application: 14 February 2022.
two 14-hour days of a music video shoot, forum show, AND kimmel over the course of five days. very proud of the twenty one pilots team for an insane few days.
We had a great conversation with Philip Loring and Filka Sekulova about degrowth and much more. Listen to it here!
This is a truly shocking story: strong evidence of systematic dumping of used fishing gear by Spanish and French boats in the UK's seas, and its devastating impact on marine life. 
This isn't about nationalism though - we should all be horrified by it.
Dear @GeorgeMonbiot following your call to move 25% of society to action on climate change (the social tipping point) we wanted to share our research on HOW. Here are our 8 action points for creating highly scalable climate action communities. Welcome feedback from one and all. Knäppta händer
A university teacher in Kabul, Selai Popal tells me – we go to sleep with the hope that this is just a bad dream… so that the next day we won’t be afraid that the Taliban will come and marry us or kill us. Girls and women are losing their hope for the future of  #Afghanistan
Super convo with #DontLookUp director @GhostPanther and @MichaelEMann on communicating climate change, including a nice quote "When the front door (facts) is locked, you can go through the side door with humor/satire to have a conversation on climate". I spent 8 months working on this story about an undercover cop who pretended to be a climate activist for 7 years. Thanks to everyone who spoke with me and also my amazing editor who didn't even blink when I submitted a nearly 6,000 word draft.
BROCKHAMPTON EUROPE 2022 TICKETS ON SALE NOW! *ALL EXISTING TICKETS WILL BE HONORED https://brckhmptn.com/dates
This tragic. Back in 1990s, western fuels association— a coal industry trade group— targeted Bowling Green to test climate denial marketing.
Even by Exxon's standards this is getting farcical. Exxon now claims ANOTHER of its lobbyists - people paid specifically to represent the firm - did not represent the firm when caught on tape belittling the climate crisis as a "risk" & business opportunity.
Music should help your mental health 
I dont like to act out of ego
But i dont act like i dont have an ego
Before anyone can understand me or live me
I got to understand me and love me
I been staring at the ceiling
Instead of social media 
And i actually feel a lot better bout myself
Living in the future dont @ me
Drop a time capsule
One day people may forget how to make love
Locked out the crib
So i went to the club
Art speaks for itself
History the worst subject
Like
Why you bringing up old shit
Vince Staples would be fire in Atlanta 
Climate scientist, occasional juggler, even more occasional author, curious about how the world works. We see this with all of the anti-science bad faith arguments. Regardless of how often people have pointed out how silly it is, or that it makes no logical sense, or that there would be no motive to doing something like that, the smugs will continue to make it.
We’re building a movement of young people to stop climate change & create millions of good jobs in the process #GreenNewDeal | Text GND to 88504 for updates Sol med strålar
HELPED PRODUCE THIS WITH ROMIL & THE BAND.  GREAT BAND. GREAT SONG. GO STREAM
We can overcome this pandemic, achieve universal vaccination, protect the planet, recover sustainably, promote human rights & revitalize the United Nations. 
Through hope, we can lay the foundations for a better tomorrow."
"More than 450 scientists on Wednesday called on the executives of major advertising and public relations firms to drop their fossil fuel clients and stop what the scientists said was their spread of disinformation around climate change."
A 14-yr-old environmental activist has been shot dead in Colombia in the latest attack in the world’s deadliest country for environmentalists."
We join the calls for justice for the murder of Breiner David Cucuname!
#DefendTheDefenders
Exxon's new "net zero" claim excludes damage caused by their products when used

This is the same as a tobacco company promising all their staff will quit smoking and then expecting to be congratulated for having solved the lung cancer problem

Treat this like you'd treat that Knäppta händer
We have the Senate, the House and the Presidency. 

Stop negotiating with a losing insurrectionist party who are trying to sabotage our democracy, pass the infrastructure package through reconciliation and abolish the filibuster.
What we are debating today may seem complicated. But it is really quite simple. I’m LIVE on the floor discussing why now is the time to defend American democracy.
Roberta Metsola, Christian Democrat from Malta, will be the new Speaker of the #EU Parliament. Unfortunately, she has not defended the woman's right to her own body but voted against EU reports stating that #abort is a human right. I wanted my abortion. My decision to have an abortion was not a difficult one. 
Being pregnant when I did not want to be is what was difficult. 
My abortion was not traumatic. 
Society constantly telling me I should feel sad about it is what is traumatic." 
